you've reached Monica and Chandler's if
you're listening to this message we're
probably screaming yeah we are
hi this is hildy from the morgan-chase
museum I'm calling for Monica Geller I
want to let her know that there was a
cancellation and if she's still
interested in having the bing-geller
wedding in our facility yes the groom
know okay see you later
oh shoot I was gonna make you dinner
well next time ask or at least wait for
me to ask
hi this is hildy from the morgan-chase
museum I'm calling for Monica Geller oh
no it was a cancellation and if she's
still interested in having the
bing-geller wedding in our facility I'm
so sorry
please stop freaking out I'm not
freaking out why would I be freaking out
a woman named Hildy called and said we
were getting married but that happens
every day
at this beautiful place
and I just put our names down for fun I
mean what's the harm in that
right here Chandler please don't think I
was trying to pressure you Phoebe and
Rachel just thought Fabian Rachel so the
people that knew about our wedding
before me were you Phoebe and Rachel
Hildy and apparently some band called
the starlight magic seven who are
available by the way it was a mistake
please don't take this to mean anything
because it doesn't okay really
yeah so there really doesn't mean
anything because you know that I'm just
not ready no I know okay I'm reco tell
Joey that yeah and you're back he's
really worried about you I know and that
guy that never delivered his burrito he
thought there was some sort of
connection hey what does she buy it
totally so did Hildy show you the place
yeah that's beautiful yeah I can't
believe it's not I'm gonna marry you I
know